HCG drops direct comm presents dr.
simians HCG weight loss protocol so
you've heard about the HCG diet maybe
you've had friends lose 30 40 50 or more
pounds and be happier than ever so what
is the HCG diet the HCG diet is hot it's
on the news it's on TV it's all over the
internet it's in books magazines and
most importantly if orders
what is HCG HCG is human chorionic
gonadotropin it's a glycoprotein hormone
that dr. ATW simians discovered could
help a patient shed pounds and inches
when taken with a specialized but simple
diet HCG is found naturally in the body
and has been shown to help metabolize
fats so that your body burns the stored
fat and allows you to slim down at a
rate of one to two pounds per day how
does HCG work dr. Simmons discovered
through his research that there are
three types of body fat one structural
fat protects the body's internal organs
provides cushioning to normal effects
available to your body for fuel and
three abnormal
locked away unused and forgotten by your
body
HCG triggers your hypothalamus to
mobilize the locked fat out of its
storage locations so that it's available
for use this causes thousands of
calories that have been locked to be
available and to be released as fuel as
a result you don't feel tired or hungry
with this diet as long as you're getting
appropriate amounts of rest how does it
work it's simple you take the HCG drops
sublingually as specified on the bottle
you combine this with the specialized v
LCD or very low calorie diet which we
provide recipes for the HCG resets the
hypothalamus the HCG preserves muscle
the HCG helps you burn abnormal body fat
and you slim down the overall benefits
of the HCG protocol are many lose one
and a half to two pounds per day without
exercise lose up to 40 pounds in 40 days
the ability to repeat the protocol if
more weight loss is needed resets the
metabolism to keep the weight off
permanently
preserves muscle so that you lose
unwanted body fat as a virtually 100
percent success rate it's safe it's been
over five decades of success and you'll
never have to dye it again
thank you for watching head on over to
HCG drops direct comm and get ready for
a healthier happier you
[Music]